### Drive and Patience

Over many years of tour guiding in the
San Juan Islands, I finally realized I
was missing a piece of the puzzle that
is me. A career in programming.

Before this revelation I was in a
serious bind. I had become a
day-dreamer, imagining the interfaces
behind apps that didn't exist. I began
with using wireframe tools, basically
drawing on napkins. It actually became a
feat of desperation, because I did not
know how I was going to get these things
built.

All this led me to this path, as I
figured there would be no one better to
build my ideas than me.

I had to start at absolute zero
knowledge, as everyone does. I've
actually curated a list of my core
curriculum that I self-guided myself
through. You can check that list out
<a href="https://medium.com/@william.owen.dev/web-development-resources-8878c5efec76" target="_blank">here</a>!

I started during the 2020
covid-lockdowns and am proud to have
since then kick-started my freelance
career and be serving clients.

<!-- <hr/>/ -->
